43674 improve tcp udp concurrency (#45124)
elastic/beats: docs/reference/filebeat/filebeat-input-tcp.md

  host: "localhost:9000"
```

> Starting from `9.2.0` the TCP input reads the message in a different
> goroutine than the publishing of messages, this increases the
> performance of the input when running slow processors.

Reviewer: A couple thoughts:

* In general, we've been trying to avoid referencing the version number outside the `applies_to` because of how it is conditionally rendered (it will be rendered as `Planned` until 9.2.0 is released), _but_ since this repo won't publish from the `9.2` branch until the 9.2.0 release date I think it's ok to say 9.2.0 in the text in this case.
* I do think we should still include an `applies_to` tag because the more structured our versioning strategy is, the more flexibility we have in the future to change how we display versioned content.
* This feels like the kind of content that could be put in a note. In the near future, we'll be able to immediately attach `applies_to` information to the note, but in the meantime, we can add it to the beginning of the paragraph.

```suggestion
:::{note}
{applies_to}`stack: ga 9.2.0` Starting in 9.2.0 the TCP input reads the message in a different
goroutine than the publishing of messages, which increases the
performance of the input when running slow processors.
:::
```

Author: Thanks! I've applied the suggestion on 7733b5cee2
